Examples/inference/mpt README updates (#350)
mosaicml/examples: examples/inference-deployments/mpt/README.md

> ## Inference with MPT-7B 

Reviewer: Can we please include a "setup" section that tells the user how to setup their environment and account to actually be able to run this?

Reviewer: this could also be a pointer to a top level readme with these instructions

Author: Sounds good, I did add it at the top level draft that I have. Will edit!

> [MosaicML’s inference service](https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/inference-launch) allows users to deploy their ML models and run inference on them. In this folder, we provide an example of how to use MPT-7B, a state-of-the-art 6.7B parameter instruction fine-tuned language model trained by MosaicML for inference. Check out the [MPT-Instruct huggingface repo](https://huggingface.co/spaces/mosaicml/mpt-7b-instruct) for more information about the model.

Reviewer: this text is just about instruct, but the example is about all the variants. so lets change the text to mention all the variants/not only talk about the instruct model

You’ll find in this folder:

- Model YAMLS - read [docs](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/mcli/en/latest/inference/inference_schema.html) for an explanation of each field.
    - `mpt_7b.yaml` - a yaml to deploy [MPT-7B Base](https://huggingface.co/mosaicml/mpt-7b).
    - `mpt_7b_instruct.yaml` - a yaml to deploy [MPT-7B Intstruct](https://huggingface.co/mosaicml/mpt-7b-instruct).
    - `mpt_7b_storywriter.yaml` - a yaml to deploy [MPT-7B StoryWriter](https://huggingface.co/mosaicml/mpt-7b-storywriter).

> - Model handlers - these define how your model should be loaded and what should happen in a forward pass. You can use the default handlers here or write your custom model handler as per instructions [here](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/mcli/en/latest/inference/deployment_features.html#custom-model-handlers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Model handlers - these define how your model should be loaded and how the model should be run when receiving a request. You can use the default handlers here or write your custom model handler as per instructions [here](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/mcli/en/latest/inference/deployment_features.html#custom-model-handlers).
```

>     - `mpt_7b_handler.py` - a python script using DeepSpeed.

Reviewer: can we be a bit more descriptive than "python script"? That description makes me think i can just run it locally

    - `mpt_7b_ft_handler.py` - a python script using FasterTransformer.
- `requirements.txt` - package requirements to be able to run these models.

## Deploying your model

To deploy, simply run `mcli deploy -f mpt_7b_instruct.yaml --cluster <your_cluster>`.

Once deployed, you can ping the deployment using
```
from mcli import ping
ping('deployment-name')
```
to check if it is ready (status 200).

More instructions can be found [here](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/mcli/en/latest/quick_start/quick_start_inference.html)

> ## Sending requests to your deployment

Reviewer: Can we also include example usage with langchain? https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain/blob/master/docs/modules/models/llms/integrations/mosaicml.ipynb

Would also be nice to make the different ways to query it expandable sections, like
"With MCLI"
"With curl"
"With langchain"
"With python"

Author: ![Screenshot 2023-06-09 at 4 34 29 PM](https://github.com/mosaicml/examples/assets/1689437/77213409-5395-4f60-9f4c-dfcac9dc2a51)
Added!

- You have access to our inference service.
- Your dev environment is set up with `mcli`.
- You have a cluster to work with.

## Deploying your model

To deploy, simply run `mcli deploy -f mpt_7b_instruct.yaml --cluster <your_cluster>`.

Once deployed, you can ping the deployment using
```python
from mcli import ping
ping('deployment-name')
```
to check if it is ready (status 200).

More instructions can be found [here](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/mcli/en/latest/quick_start/quick_start_inference.html)

### Deploying from cloud storage
If your model exists on Amazon S3 or Hugging Face, you can edit the YAML's model params to deploy it:
```yaml
model:
    download_parameters:
        s3_path: <your-s3-path>
    model_parameters:
        ...
        model_name_or_path: my/local/s3_path
```

If your model exists on a different cloud storage, then you can follow instructions [here](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/mcli/en/latest/inference/deployment_features.html#id1) on writing your custom downloader function, and deploy the model.

## Sending requests to your deployment

> Once the deployment is ready, it's time to run inference! 

Reviewer: add a line here about how to find your deployment's name?

<details>
<summary> Using Python SDK </summary>

```python
from mcli import predict

deployment = get_inference_deployment(<deployment-name>)
input = {
    {
        "input_strings": "Write 3 reasons why you should train an AI model on domain specific data set.",
        "temperature": 0.01
    }
}
predict(deployment, input)

```
</details>

<details>
<summary> Using MCLI </summary>

```bash
mcli predict <deployment-name> --input '{"input_strings": ["hello world!"]}'

```
</details>

<details>
<summary> Using Curl </summary>

```bash

> curl https://<deployment-name>.inf.hosted-on.mosaicml.hosting/predict_stream \

Reviewer: should this example be with predict stream? just not sure if that was intentional or not

-H "Authorization: <your_api_key>" \
-d '{"input_strings": ["hello world!"]}'
```
</details>

<details>
<summary> Using Langchain </summary>

```python

> # Sign up for an account: https://forms.mosaicml.com/demo?utm_source=langchain

Reviewer: can probably delete this comment, sign up is covered earlier in the readme

from getpass import getpass

MOSAICML_API_TOKEN = getpass()
import os

os.environ["MOSAICML_API_TOKEN"] = MOSAICML_API_TOKEN
from langchain.llms import MosaicML
from langchain import PromptTemplate, LLMChain
template = """Question: {question}"""

prompt = PromptTemplate(template=template, input_variables=["question"])
llm = MosaicML(inject_instruction_format=True, model_kwargs={'do_sample': False})
llm_chain = LLMChain(prompt=prompt, llm=llm)
question = "Write 3 reasons why you should train an AI model on domain specific data set."

llm_chain.run(question)

```
</details>

### Input parameters
| Parameters | Type | Required | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| input_string | List[str] | yes | N/A | The prompt to generate a completion for. |

> | top_p | float | no | 0.95 | Defines the tokens that are within the sample operation of text generation. Add tokens in the sample for more probable to least probable until the sum of the probabilities is greater than top_p |

Reviewer: I think we support all HF generate kwargs here?

Author: Nope, there's a known issue where we accidentally convert all the floats to int, so removed them from this list. This is what we support at the moment, ideally we will fix that bug sometime to be able to support the rest of the kwargs lol

Reviewer: ah ok

## Inference with MPT-7B 

> [MosaicML’s inference service](https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/inference-launch) allows users to deploy their ML models and run inference on them. In this folder, we provide an example of how to use MPT-7B, a state-of-the-art 6.7B parameter instruction fine-tuned language model trained by MosaicML for inference. Check out [this link](https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/mpt-7b) for more information!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MosaicML’s inference service](https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/inference-launch) allows users to deploy their ML models and run inference on them. In this folder, we provide an example of how to use MPT-7B, a family of 6.7B parameter large language models, including the base model, an instruction finetuned variant, and a variant finetuned on long context books. Check out [this link](https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/mpt-7b) for more information!
```

    ]
}
```

> ## Before you go

Reviewer: would be good to include a "whats next". we can brainstorm some standard next steps to include across each example, but basic ones would be to point them to come train with us :)
